-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-
Stop right there!
Stop!
Huajun. Hun soldiers!
Miss. stand behind me.
Stop resisting and come back with us.
Zhao Zhan.
what is going on?
Let's survive this first.
Look out!
Watch out!
It's over now.
Miss. what was this about?
I've run out of arrows.
What should we do?
Get her.
Stop chasing!
Zhao Zhan. the Hun soldiers
will be here soon.
Miss. please have it back.
You had better leave.
What about you?
No need to worry about us.
Take my horse.
He runs fast.
His name is Lei Zhen.
Be careful.
Take care.
Why are you holding a dandelion?
Warrior. thank you for rescuing me.
I. Mengyun. am grateful.
Do you like dandelions?
Beautiful.
For you.
Professor!
Check it out.
The genetic report of the warhorse is out.
It is a warmblood horse.
No wonder the size of the horse is so big.
Wang Jing. what have you got?
Professor.
part of the warhorse has been excavated.
The bridle nose piece
was made from precious metal.
The saddle was padded.
My assumption is that
it was a cavalry general's mount
in the Western Han dynasty.
Strange.
The totem and relief carving
of the mask on this jade pendant
were common in Hunnic culture.
How did such a precious
Hunnic jade pendant
end up on a horse of the Han people?
Could it be from war spoils?
It's possible.
Either this jade pendant was seized
by the Han army
or this warhorse was seized by Huns.
How about...
How similar.
Similar to what?
In my dream just now.
I saw a very handsome guy.
but you are not manly like him.
I also dreamed of a very beautiful woman.
That had to be me.
Don't fool yourself.
Didn't you have a gift for him?
Go get it.
Hurry up. We don't have time.
Go.
Hey.
- Yes. Professor?
- Keep working on the remains of the horse.
- All right.
- I'm taking this back to the office.
No problem. Professor.
One more thing.
Yes. Professor?
In order to buy this gift for you.
Xinran spent eight hours
traveling back and forth to town.
You wasted so many work hours.
Just give it to me.
I'll pay you back.
If you hadn't overworked yourself so much.
would I bother to get this for you?
Xinran. I have something for you too.
What is it?
Take it.
Professor.
lunch is on the table in the lab.
Don't forget to eat it!
I know.
What did he give you?
What else other than the lab test list?
Unrequited love is hard.
He really doesn't care about me. does he?
- It's easy for women to chase men.
- Is it?
Look at you.
You wear the same outfit every day.
Why don't you dress up?
Why should I dress up
for an excavation site?
Besides. I don't think he is that shallow.
By the way.
don't buy facial masks for me anymore.
It feels so sticky on my face.
It's unbearable.
Hydration is good for the skin.
Also. Wang Jing's friend
invited us to dinner tonight.
This jade pendant
is a symbol of the sanctuary.
The greatest value of the sanctuary
is not the treasure in it.
Rather. it guards
the world's purest and most virtuous land
that holds the blessings
of our ancestors and gods.
This will keep you safe.
Thank you. Great Shaman.
I hope
you will become my successor.
These are for the benediction
of Father's wellness.
Great Shaman.
please bring them back to the sanctuary.
Consider it done. Crown Prince.
Move on!
Move!
Quickly!
Go!
Move faster!
Stand up!
One by one!
Father.
Huduna.
I raided the Han people
and took their gold and silk.
I slaughtered everyone in the city.
I also beheaded
the general guarding the fort.
I brought it back
as a gift for you. Father.
You've rendered
outstanding service this time.
How should I reward you?
Father.
I want but one thing.
I only ask you to allow Mengyun
to become my wife.
Mengyun?
Father.
I have already granted her
to your brother.
What about
all the Han women you brought back?
I grant them all to you.
What do you think?
Yes.
I will do what you say.
Good.
You are not well.
You should get some rest now.
Now I will excuse myself.
You get some rest.
Huduna.
You always massacre the people you subdue.
It is too ruthless.
I'm afraid the Han people will retaliate.
It will bring disaster to our people.
Thank you for your guidance. Crown Prince.
Mother.
wait for me at the agreed place.
I will come and join you.
Let's leave together now.
I must avenge my father.
Let me do it.
Go now.
Be careful.
My daughter.
You killed my father.
I feel deep remorse
for what happened in the past.
But what I did afterward
was out of love for you and your mother.
My time
is running out.
Go ahead and do it.
Leave now. I can still intercede for you.
Think of your mother.
Is anyone out there?
Father.
please forgive me.
Huduna.
Father!
What's wrong with Father?
Huduna.
This is your chosen crown prince.
Let him go.
For you.
I fought battles and risked my life.
But he...
bit the dust just like that.
You monster.
My son!
Some time ago. the Great Shaman
made a prophecy of divination
and said I could never become king.
But Father.
how come you would
rather believe in a prophecy
than believe in me?
I'm sorry. Father.
I am not a good son.
Yet
I'm doing this...
for our tribes!
Assassin!
Bring Mengyun back!
Professor.
This is my friend. Lei Zhen.
He organized tonight's party.
- Thank you.
- Hello. It's the least I can do.
Your huge discovery
is definitely worth celebrating.
My company has developed a new game called
The Legend of the Han and the Huns.
That's interesting.
When I was in Beijing. I attended your
lecture on wars between the Han and Huns.
It inspired me to develop the game.
You are my mentor.
- Professor Fang.
- Director Wang. how are you?
Hello.
Please let me introduce
the boy who discovered the jade pendant.
the young Baitula.
- Pleased to meet you.
- Hello. Professor.
Because of you.
we discovered the horse of an officer
under Huo Qubing.
a Western Han dynasty general.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
He and his family
handed the jade pendant over
to the government.
It's a truly commendable act.
I give you many thumbs up.
By the way. Professor.
your application
to continue your research on this artifact
has already been approved.
- Please sign here.
- Thank you.
Also. we will put part of the artifact
at the museum for public exhibition.
Professor. please attend then.
Yes. for sure.
Professor. I really want
to join your team to learn more.
I also want to hire you
to be a history advisor for our game.
Well...
I specially arranged this
for everyone to enjoy.
Xinran?
Miss. your dancing with the sword
was really breathtaking.
I wonder if my bow
can be wielded the same way.
Probably not.
Why are you here?
My mother and I planned to meet here.
but she hasn't shown up yet.
Please excuse me.
Greetings. Great Shaman.
Rise.
Huduna captured your mother
for leverage to make you marry him.
The last thing your mother wants
is for you to repeat her tragedy.
She is my mother.
I must go back and save her.
It seems that I chose the right successor.
- Are you all right?
Warriors.
I still have matters to attend to.
I will bid farewell now.
I will always remember your kindness.
You can sleep anywhere.
Everyone has left.
Professor. I just had a dream.
I dreamed of a young man
who looked a lot like you.
I also dreamed of a very beautiful woman.
The beauty in real life
was so mad at you that she left.
Forget about that beauty in your dream.
She dressed up and danced for you.
but you fell asleep.
Go see her now.
Okay. I'll go now.
Your coat. It's cold up there.
Okay. thank you. Professor.
Xinran.
here you are.
You're finally awake.
It's so cold up here.
Xinran. I didn't realize
you could dance so well.
Well.
did you watch it?
I watched it.
Then why were you snoring so loudly?
Xinran.
when you dress up in a skirt
and remove your glasses.
you look really good.
You are so shallow.
Did you use the facial masks I bought you?
Were those facial masks?
Did you look at the other things?
I've been busy with work lately.
So
I forgot.
I often wonder
if you think of anything else
other than work.
Such as?
Such as caring
about the people around you.
Okay. I'll pay more attention
to that in the future.
Since the Qin dynasty.
the Huns had repeatedly
invaded the Central Plains.
During the reign
of Emperor Wu of the Han dynasty.
the Shandan Military Horse Farm
was established.
giving us a cavalry force
capable of fighting against the Huns.
The Shandan Military Horse Farm
- was founded by Huo Qubing. right?
- Correct.
What you all see now
are specimen models
of Ferghana heavenly horses.
I still think only a white horse
is fit for a prince.
Who named you Lei Zhen?
My mom.
What's wrong?
It's better than the name Lei Zhenzi.
Do you know how the word "champion"
became widely known?
Please tell us.
Let's hear it from you.
Seventeen-year-old Huo Qubing
followed his uncle Wei Qing
to fight the Huns for the first time.
Wei Qing only gave him 800 horsemen.
He went deep into the enemy's territory
straight to the rear of the Huns.
HAN
The Huns
took my daughter.
Mother!
Take good care of him.
General.
the Hunnic tribe
was found near the river valley.
March through the night!
We must bring our people back home!
Help!
Please let me go!
Let me go!
Zhao Zhan. Huajun.
You each bring your men.
We will raid them from three directions
to catch them off-guard.
- Yes. sir.
Lei Zhen.
Where is my mother?
You promised to let her go.
Let's go.
Lei Zhen.
Over there!
- Kill them all!
The enemy is here!
Free the people!
Tell me where the sanctuary is.
Only the Great Shaman knows.
The Hans are here!
Guard the king!
Block him!
Lei Zhen!
Hold it!
General's order!
Spare the women. children. and elderly!
Those who surrender will live!
Yes. sir.
Come with us.
- Mother!
- Mengyun!
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Mother.
Mengyun.
you must go back to Han lands.
Do your best
to live your life.
Mother.
Mother!
Whoever
surrenders to the Han dynasty
will be treated with mercy.
My father was a Hun general
who pledged allegiance to the Han dynasty.
King Tudie invaded the city
and massacred everyone.
including my father.
To ensure my safety.
my mother gave herself to King Tudie.
She just wanted me to live well.
The best time of my life
was when the two of us
looked for dandelions.
But now she is gone.
Mengyun.
will you go back to the garrison with me
and help us train the horses for battle?
Will you be there?
I will.
Mother. I can finally go back
to the Han lands.
Zhao Zhan and Huajun.
you two went through hardships
to bring back all these stallions.
They have greatly strengthened
our cavalry.
You have done a great service
for the Han dynasty.
Your efforts are appreciated.
We only did what we should do.
What a nice Ferghana horse.
It has a good height.
slender limbs.
thin skin. a small face. and a high neck.
A good horse.
Zhao Zhan.
I got a letter from home.
My father found a job for me
at the Prime Minister's bureau.
When this battle is over.
I will be going there.
You might as well.
Three generations of your family
held office in the imperial court.
You are the only son in the family.
People say one should not travel far
from their parents' side.
Have you ever
thought of starting a family?
A family?
I lost my family at a very young age.
I was born at the frontier.
The Huns
destroyed my family.
The Huns are not yet eliminated.
How can I talk about starting a family?
Indeed.
Extinguishing such threats
is the top priority.
The general is here.
- General.
General. you bred
excellent warhorses for the country.
Now.
we also have our own cavalry regiments.
The Huns
repeatedly invaded our Han territory.
We are Han soldiers.
The scourge that is the Hun
must be eliminated!
I believe that in the future.
in this land of our nation.
there will be peace and prosperity.
People will live and work
in peace and contentment.
Huo Qubing built his fame in this battle
with incomparable military achievements.
Emperor Wu named him "Champion Marquis."
This is how the word "champion"
became widely known.
Although Huo Qubing lived a short life.
he repeatedly inflicted heavy losses
on the Huns
and formed a superior cavalry army
for the Han dynasty.
Later. the Han dynasty
was able to open up the Hexi Corridor
and establish
the Western Regions Protectorate
to consolidate rule
over the Xinjiang region.
Huo Qubing
laid the foundation for all that.
Professor.
doesn't the general on the white horse
look like Wang Jing?
Like Wang Jing?
Not really.
Wang Jing is on your mind.
- Professor.
- No. I--
This is really something.
There are so many different shapes
of gold nuggets.
These are hoof-shaped gold nuggets.
Tell me.
With all the gold contributed
from the Han.
where could the Huns have stored it?
It is recorded that Huo Qubing
once seized the Huns' golden statue
used to worship heaven.
Would it be possible
that the gold and treasures
were sent to the Huns' sanctuary
for worship?
Up until now. no Hun sanctuary
has ever been discovered.
However. since you develop games.
feel free to use your creativity.
I certainly want to add in
a treasure-hunting element.
If only you could lead us
to find the Huns' sanctuary.
that would be so cool.
That's too difficult.
It's so beautiful.
You have good taste.
For this souvenir bracelet.
we used gold to make
an exact replica of the original.
It's definitely a great value.
GOLD BRACELET
It's perfect for me. isn't it?
The price of gold has skyrocketed.
Professor.
I have a good friend
who is a shamanic scholar.
He recently came back to China.
He knows the shamanic culture
and the history of the Huns very well.
He invited us to visit him.
We can talk about the totem
on the jade pendant.
We can surely compare notes.
- I will arrange a time.
- Okay.
- Go ahead.
What's next?
- Let's have tea.
- Great.
- Let's go.
- After you.
Gold is expensive.
Forget about it.
Let's go.
Yes. it's too expensive.
What's the fuss?
Professor. your mask looks good.
Xinran taught me how to use it.
The tacky wet feeling is uncomfortable.
Professor. can I take it off?
Hydrating your skin is good.
What do you want at this early hour?
I drew a picture with AI.
This was the woman in my dream.
It's so similar!
Similar to what?
To the one I saw in my dream.
Professor. how can it be possible?
Did we both dream of the same person?
Maybe it's because we've both
been working on the jade pendant
and doing the same research work.
so we had the same dream.
Professor. why does it feel
like it was my memories
of another time and space?
Dreams are more than the workings
of the brain's memory system
in our dormant state.
In fact.
the brain's ability to create
is also functioning.
That's why dreams
are also both fantasy and reality.
A dream is not reality.
We still have to come back
to the real world.
Okay. Professor. I'm back.
I have things to do.
Where are you going?
I'm going to find Xinran.
A man should take the initiative.
- Okay.
- Hey.
Your mask.
Professor. I'll just put it here.
No need for housekeeping! Thank you!
It's Wang Jing.
What's up?
I have something for you.
No. this won't do.
Just a minute!
I will be there right away.
Hi.
I have something for you.
What?
This.
It's not a lab test list
this time. is it?
The price of gold has skyrocketed.
I invested some money.
Is it for me?
Yes.
I'll go now.
Wait.
I made coffee.
Do you want to come inside for some?
No. I already had some this morning.
Thank you.
I also have tea.
Black tea. green tea. and oolong tea.
I have all of them.
Tea will keep me up at night.
- Fruit?
- No. thank you.
Soft drinks? Biscuits?
I've got him.
Take it.
Let me add some seasoning.
It smells so good.
Mengyun.
I have something to show you.
What is it?
It's so beautiful.
Do you like it?
This is my family heirloom.
I want to give it to you
before I go to battle.
I can't take something so valuable.
You should give it
to the person you value most.
Can you hold on to it for me?
Give it back to me
when I return victorious.
Something this valuable
must not fall into the enemy's hands.
General.
thank you for saving my child's life.
Huajun!
Come eat! We will head out soon!
Let's drink.
- Come on.
- Take a bite first.
- The wind is blowing
- The clouds are moving
- The wind blows and clouds move
- We conquer and return triumphant
- Where do we find warriors
- To defend our land
- The wind blows
- The clouds move
- We conquer and return triumphant
- The wind blows
- The clouds move
- We conquer and return triumphant
- Where do we find warriors
- To defend our land
- The wind blows
- The clouds move
- We conquer and return triumphant
- Where do we find warriors
- To defend our land
Professor. we have arrived.
Hello.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- Please come in.
- Thank you.
Please wait here.
Mr. Herbert.
the guests are here.
Please sit.
Mr. Herbert. this is an archaeologist.
Professor Fang. with Wang Jing and Xinran.
Hi.
Hello. Mr. Herbert.
We found this jade pendant
in our excavation site.
I was told you are an expert in shamanism.
I hope you can tell me more about it.
Thank you.
In shamanic culture.
this is
the oldest seven-star divine totem.
Ever since this jade pendant
was unearthed.
every night the professor and I
dream of the same person.
But not me.
Moreover--
There are objects
that allow us to communicate
with the deceased
and even with the gods.
This shamanic scepter
is an antiquity that I collected
a few years back in Europe.
The crystal on it also brought me
the same experience as yours.
Similarly.
jade is a medium of communication
with the gods.
All things have a spirit.
When life ends.
the spirit is still there.
Jade carries the spirit of the dead.
It uses dreams as a medium
to establish a connection
with the living.
Professor. let's meditate together.
Maybe you'll be able
to find the answer you're looking for.
Professor.
let's meditate.
Feel the flow of energy in your brain.
Break the limitations of time and space.
Expand the realm of your thoughts.
Elevate spiritual wisdom.
Has he fallen asleep already?
General.
we've conquered
five Hun tribes in six days.
- General.
Our wounded soldiers
need a few days' time to recover
before they can go on.
General.
Rest for now.
All right.
Report!
General.
Huduna joined forces
with the Xiutu and the Zhelan tribes.
They have amassed many troops
at Gaolan Mountain up ahead.
How many troops are there?
Tens of thousands.
General.
we are outnumbered.
Let's avoid a direct confrontation
and take a detour.
General.
we are thousands of miles away
from Han lands.
We must pass through Gaolan Mountain.
If we go around it.
there is Qilian Mountain in the south.
If we go north.
we will end up in Hun territory.
When one walks into the valley of death.
he will have nothing more to lose.
Convey my order. We regroup here.
Soldiers and horses
must rest and eat well.
Spend the night building fortifications.
Yes. sir.
We already know
the Huns are not ashamed to flee
or retreat when they suffer losses.
We'll use the Ring Pommel Sword Regiment
to break up their formation.
Inflicting maximum casualties
is our best tactic to win.
Zhao Zhan.
the Ring Pommel Sword Regiment
will be under your command.
Remember.
Huduna must be taken down.
Yes. sir.
Soldiers.
if you are the only son in your family.
come forward.
If you have a wife and children.
The rest of you
will become a part
of my Ring Pommel Sword Regiment.
In this battle.
the Ring Pommel Sword Regiment
under my command
will take the lead in the charge.
We are facing our deadly enemy.
The life-and-death moment
for our Han army has arrived.
I want to join
the Ring Pommel Sword Regiment!
We are soldiers who defend our homeland.
We fight on the battlefield
and do not fear death.
We will follow you to our death!
- We will follow you to our death!
Let's head out!
This jade pendant
was given to me by the Great Shaman
to keep me safe.
I want to give it to you.
I've been a soldier for most of my life.
Protecting our country and our people
is my only wish.
Please keep this jade pendant
close to you.
I hope it will protect you.
Your wish will surely be fulfilled.
This jade is like my pure heart.
I just hope
it will cast away all evil for you.
My wish
is for you to be safe.
Come back safely.
Soldiers.
We are outnumbered in this battle.
Death is hovering over us.
We would rather die in glory
than live in shame!
In this battle.
we shall demonstrate
the Han army's majestic power
so that our enemy
doesn't dare to oppress our people
or invade our land anymore!
Gaolan Mountain
will be the Han soldiers'
burial ground!
The peace of our country and home
is forged by heroes!
- The peace of our country and home
- is forged by heroes!
Forged by heroes!
Charge!
Ring Pommel Sword Regiment!
Get around and outflank them!
Attack from both sides!
Shoot the arrows!
Shoot!
Fall back!
Batuo.
retreat!
Huduna was defeated.
My lord. should we advance?
Kill them all!
Get out of here!
Retreat!
Let's go!
Get into position!
Lei Zhen!
General!
Go get them!
Let's go!
Medic!
HAN
- General!
- Hurry!
- Quickly!
General. are you okay?
I am fine.
Medic. hurry up!
Let me take a look.
He has been poisoned.
Remove his armor.
The cut is deep.
I have to bandage your wound right away.
I am fine.
I will go get the herbs.
Hang on.
I will suck the poison out.
This is a special poison
made by the Huns.
Only the Great Shaman has the antidote.
I can only halt the spread of the poison.
I will immediately go
and find the Great Shaman.
The pendant.
Take it.
Let it...
keep you safe.
I am counting on you.
General. don't move
or your wound will open.
I know.
Zhao Zhan.
I can hardly hold out any longer.
Protect her every step of the way.
I'm counting on you.
Zhao Zhan. say no more.
I will do my best to protect her
and bring the antidote back to save you.
Lei Zhen.
can you still go through this with me?
I will go with you.
The sanctuary will be past these woods.
Outsiders are not allowed to enter.
Please wait here.
I will come back soon.
Lei Zhen.
you have fulfilled your duty well.
Great Shaman.
please grant me the antidote.
Child.
stay here with me.
You two are not meant
for each other in this life.
My only wish is for him to live.
There is only enough of the antidote
to save one person.
How do you feel?
I've just taken the antidote.
I will be all right soon.
Hurry back now
and give the antidote to the general.
What about you?
The Great Shaman needs me here.
Huajun.
I'm returning this bracelet to you.
I cannot keep it for you anymore.
Thank you for being kind to me.
You must help me bring it to him
to save his life.
Do you understand?
You must reach there before sunrise.
Farewell.
Because of him.
you're giving up your own life.
Is it worth it?
I know you're here to ask the Great Shaman
for an antidote.
Tell me
where the sanctuary is.
I must avenge my mother today.
Get her.
Mengyun.
you can't die for another man.
If you want to die.
you can only die by my hand.
The sanctuary.
Where the hell is it?
Huajun!
Huajun.
Give the antidote to the general quickly.
All right.
Go quickly.
Come save the general!
Zhao Zhan.
I will bring the antidote back
to save you.
Mengyun.
I kept my promise to you.
- The peace of our country and home
- is forged by heroes!
Forged by heroes!
General.
Huajun!
Huajun.
Mr. Herbert.
is there a glacier up ahead?
Yes.
There is indeed a 10.000-year-old glacier.
Professor.
I think I dreamed
about that place just now.
Can we go there to have a look?
If you want to go.
I can arrange for some local guides
to take you there.
Maybe you can find the answers
you are looking for.
Thank you. Mr. Herbert.
- Let's go.
- Professor.
- Lei Zhen.
- I also had a dream.
I dreamed that Wang Jing and I
were surfing by a beach in Sanya.
- I was wearing a bikini.
- Let's go.
I also...
Wang Jing?
Why are we leaving?
My legs are numb.
Did you dream about anything?
- Just as I dozed off. you woke me.
- Was I in your dream?
- No.
- Was I in Wang Jing's dream?
Professor.
there's a very big cave up ahead!
Let's go over there!
Come over here. Get prepared.
Wang Jing said you looked good in a skirt.
but this is really too much.
I'm not cold.
Besides. there are no organs in the legs.
Let's take a look inside.
The cave is so big.
Do you think it will be dangerous?
Come on.
These subglacial bubbles are all methane
and highly flammable.
Be careful with naked flames.
Okay.
Wait for me.
Everyone. be careful.
Professor.
can we take a break?
This is a dead end.
Let's head back.
Wang Jing. quick.
Give me a hand.
Are you okay?
My back.
My back hurts.
What is this place?
Jackpot!
It's so beautiful.
- Wang Jing. hurry!
- I'm coming.
Come here!
So the ancient Huns
did in fact have a sanctuary.
Professor. look at that.
It's the seven-star divine totem
on the jade pendant.
Professor.
there must be a secret vault
or a hidden mechanism
waiting for you to discover.
Games have gotten into you.
Do you really think
that if you push a button on the wall.
the top and bottom sections will open up
and the sides will rumble?
Professor.
what was all that gibberish?
Let's go.
We'll talk more when we get back.
- Professor.
Do I look familiar?
Mr. Herbert.
You were quite handsome
when you were young. right?
The reason I am here
is to get back the treasure that was mine.
- You cannot step on it.
- Don't step on it.
The script on the wall
should be able to help. right?
"Humans driven by greed
plunder resources and kill one another.
Human civilization
is constantly destroyed and rebuilt.
Destroyed and rebuilt again.
People who loved peace and freedom
constructed a utopia
of peaceful coexistence
and mutual respect
beneath the surface of the earth.
Only the kindhearted can enter.
Those who force their entry out of greed
will definitely be punished."
You're indeed a professor.
You make bullshit sound so serious.
However. Professor.
I want to be punished.
How do I get in?
Boss. take a look.
There's a huge space behind this wall.
Thank you. Professor.
We finally found it.
Vincent. TNT.
- Yes. sir.
- What?
Mr. Herbert.
is it really necessary to blast it?
Shut up if you want the rest of the money.
He's in on it.
Lei Zhen. you...
Wait!
- Don't bomb it!
- Wait!
A 1.000-year-old cultural relic
must not be blown up!
- You can't blow it up!
- Boss.
I also think we shouldn't blow it up.
This is a confined space.
With an explosion. we--
Don't blow it up.
A hibiscus tree?
This one?
It should be
a bronze sacred tree.
What is this golden tree's purpose?
For worship.
It's a stairway for ancient people
to reach out to gods and the universe.
Golden statue for worshiping heaven.
I've finally found you.
It doesn't belong to you.
It belongs to all mankind.
Do you know that theft
of national first-class cultural relics
is punishable by life imprisonment?
Even if you flee to another country.
you will still be extradited.
Won't your folks be disappointed?
Herbert.
I don't want the rest of the money.
I can even pay you back.
I am done with this.
- Tie them up.
- What are you doing?
- Come on.
- Hands up.
I am pulling out. okay?
Calm down.
Go.
Over there.
- Come on.
- Take it easy.
Come on.
Go.
- Come on.
- Go.
Don't push them.
- I'm okay.
- Are you okay?
Move.
Take it. Find a chance to escape.
Hands.
Give me your hands.
Buddy. don't tie them so tightly.
- Let's look over there.
- All right.
Boys. TNT on those six pillars.
Yes. sir.
Boss. there's a vast hollow space below.
Look.
It seems there are some buildings.
Let's first blast the golden statue.
Professor.
Shut up.
We can't let them destroy the artifacts.
I'll find a way to stop the explosion.
You three get out of here quickly.
We're all tied up.
How can we get out of here?
I'm not.
Xinran. get ready to take the knife.
Take it.
Kick him!
Kick him. not me!
- It wasn't me.
- Leave now!
- Okay!
When I count to three. run!
So fast.
Lei Zhen. if you're a friend.
quickly get Xinran out of here
and call the police.
What about you?
I have to help the professor.
No. I'm staying with you.
We stick together.
Take it.
When this is all over.
I'll be your boyfriend.
What did he say?
He will be my boyfriend?
Stop being so lovey-dovey. Let's go!
Wang Jing. I'll wait for you!
- Professor.
- Why are you back?
I'm here to help you.
Stay behind me.
I'll be waiting for you!
Don't look! Get down!
- Lei Zhen!
- I'm out of bullets.
- What do we do?
Go!
Kill them all!
Copy that!
Zhou Bin.
Boss.
We cannot blow up these artifacts.
My baby has just been born.
I don't want to go to prison--
Let me see.
- Gently.
- Press hard on it with your hand.
Luckily. there are no organs in the legs.
Herbert.
do you think
there is only a golden statue here?
All of the Huns' treasures
are here too.
Where?
The answer is in the writing
on the wall outside.
The writing on the wall?
You have my attention now.
Tell me.
Xinran.
Is Lei Zhen okay?
He is fine.
He only got shot twice.
Professor.
I'm waiting.
Let them go first. Then I'll tell you.
Why should I trust you?
Okay.
Professor. give it up.
Right.
Let the gas out.
Don't hit me!
Stay away! Don't come any closer!
- Professor!
- Get them out of here! Call the police!
Okay!
Hurry!
- Xinran!
- Wang Jing!
Lei Zhen lost a lot of blood.
He needs medical help. I can't lift him.
- I'll help you.
- Okay.
No one can leave!
Wang Jing!
Why did you block the arrow for me?
I saw you were in danger.
So I...
Where does it hurt?
Nowhere in particular.
My bag.
My leg!
You bled so much.
- Are you okay?
- Why didn't you scream?
Call the police. Hurry.
Professor!
Are you okay?
Professor.
no one can defy fate.
What is mine
shall be mine.
Hang in there.
Here.
Drink some water.
Come on. let's head back.
It's so cold.
Are you cold?
I think it's not that bad.
Here it comes.
Do you see?
Perseverance will pay off.
This fish is big.
It's a big fish.
- Keep going!
- Come on!
A big one!
It weighs at least 50 to 80 catties!
It got off my hook!
No. it didn't.
The fish is still here.
I've never seen fish lips like these.
Don't move. It has teeth.
Help...
It speaks human language?
Help!
I think it asked for help.
Pal. how did you get in?
Where are you swimming to?
- Why are you chatting with him?
- Get him out!
Right!
Help!
Come on. hurry up!
- Hang in there!
- Hurry!
There is still no cell signal.
Xinran. if you're my girlfriend.
get Lei Zhen out of here now.
What about you?
I'll go find the professor.
- I can't leave him there by himself.
- Wang Jing!
We agreed to stick together!
Wang Jing!
Help!
- Hurry. get the quilt!
- Okay!
Quickly!
Over here. please.
Wang Jing. you're so handsome.
Professor Fang. in your story A Legend.
the tragic romance echoes in one's heart.
It's simply splendid.
I develop games.
Can I buy the game rights to your book?
We have already developed a game.
We need nothing but funding.
That's easy. I have money.
Wonderful!
Let's talk over there.
- Can you walk?
- I can.
- Good.
- Let's go.
Xinran. his book.
- Sir. your book!
- Professor Fang.
Hello.
Mr. Wang Jing.
the story of Zhao Zhan and Mengyun
has such a tragic ending.
It makes me so sad.
Actually. the professor
made another version of the ending.
Professor. take a look.
Professor Fang.
do you really
have a better ending?
I have another ending.
Mengyun would rather sacrifice herself
to save your life.
I asked her before she died
why she insisted on doing that
knowing that you two
were not meant to be together.
On the day we first met.
he did not know me...
but he risked his life to protect me.
The general's sincere kindness...
is something that I will never forget.
If I can just help him
fulfill his wish to protect
the country and the people.
I will die with no regrets.
The moon in the sky changes its appearance
The autumn leaves fall unnoticed
The time travel seems imaginary
And yet so real
And you are as happy as a good dream
The winter snow stumbles its way here
Fragmentary memories of many centuries
Devotion to become a part of you
Has turned into lovesickness
No one can separate you from me
This love is you. me.
the mountains. and the sea
It lasts to the present
And never falls apart
This love is you and me
My desire in this life
Is to give it all for you
This love is what gives us something
From nothing and our bond
I will spend my life
Waiting for you
- Let love be the flower
- That blooms forever in our hearts
- Traveling through time and space
- A dream we never bow down nor give up on
We loved each other so much
That it hurt
We couldn't even say I love you
To each other
Oh. baby. I just want a love
That will go endless forever
Through the dreams that we found
We won't give up never
I. I can see you from my past life
I. I see a star in the dark night
Everybody has their own journey
But everything about you feels right
- Let love be the flower
- That blooms forever in our hearts
- Traveling through time and space
- A dream we never bow down nor give up on
Memories in the shadows
In a world so cold
It's my heart I've got to follow
I can't lose control
I've got a broken heart
And it's split in two
But there is not a moment I would undo
I tell myself to let it go
It's hard for me to let it go
I feel things that I can't ignore
I've been alone. but I will be fine
The tears I shed won't wash away
All the good times
- Let love be the flower
- That blooms forever in our hearts
- Traveling through time and space
- A dream we never bow down nor give up on
- We loved each other so much
- That it hurt
- We couldn't even say I love you
- To each other
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today